hey guys beauty that will still be part
we are here with our friend franklin at
offline mode
And you must be asking, but it's not.
compatible at the end of nowhere boy is
because the following will start today with
the new challenges series of pati vic and
first challenge I received galley
it was about the moments of both that is
this here
I've already started to screw
so folks are what is the challenge of
old duck as we already
practically dried the game has some
other things to do but it takes
to drop 100% game and rise to stop this
series of challenges in the then we are
starting here with the challenge of the booth
of years that the rafael sent those days
in facebook and old I found much of the time
eating too much time even y'know
so if you want to send challenges
It's simple to comment on the video there is some
idea challenge debate looks do not know the
what's on
knowing the deadly weapon define pop
truck I know, I know you're going
put it old but then you can put it
your challenges for me and I will
they try to realize the extent
possible because it is very difficult not to
I had no no I'm sending attack
quite broad but it's but it's complicated right?
So make it difficult for me.
so tomorrow it's but there with the name
staff do when staff do
instant amp gt to him school with effects
and that doctor gives you a song and then
public was what the old I do
commented gameplay then it is the following
woman I'm going to make a noise in the race
exchanging ideas with you live will have
video that I can not do pirogue
none is relax that was mine
Facebook captured the then I always wanted
closing facebook is an incredible thing and
so you will not be there things that
it is usually not difficult to do as many
Sometimes I'll fail and it gets pretty
time trying and maybe come to me
get it but it's the tip for you guys
also doing this is a way of
increase the life of gta né ai
cassette and there is the tip also a car
save is very good because I'm doing
online has several reasons
for example the unity of the franklin gift of
slowing down the time is very
It is very useful for this for this type of
challenge but also because it has no
how to save then for example if I
die my bike will stay away
possible for someone to steal the bike and
more
It will be good work on the unfortunate and
here we have this leads to the option here
to pause the game, do not come here in robbery
load a game is paparazzi chilique
That's my save and then it's back to
one for a given situation there
where I already have the motorcycle so this
It will make my life a lot easier.
right is so she took it to use here
because of the download and I'll be right back
We 're back here, we're not with ours.
freeway is the porter load the video stays
a little more dynamic, you see?
so although am then has several
challenges for example I tried to pass and
It was still old but it does not make it impossible.
go free is that business then has
several cool heroes and if not
It's a pretty cool challenge.
make that moment ANP live boy
live and color here in the courtyard is
so boy training here is always
caretaker without patifaria
so I'll meet you at various points there
take the Pope badly out of here in several
points of the people doing what was expected were 60
points for us to make is the leap and everything
more and have places that kind that are not
For this, the guys got the
improvise in some way and it is
find a way to make the same jump
that this is not quite the function is
conquer this fast coming bike
You can see that your in pinar she yes
and facing the
a wall with cerol this one is one of the
coolest is a guy who can walk
in the side net he can decorate the
wall with the bike is very old time
But it's very difficult, I should not do it.
get to then we have guys there
several different parties maneuvers to
make several points to and so the
scheme was here because if you
raises a little fashion by doing with
which modules and hit one from the beginning
here in a debate on their fate in this
business on the roadside
there is more lower than low
bike to sportv that will be a breakdown
bike Mother agoa next to it shows
call me I can get a nice car
Back home, we'll be there soon.
Goddamn it, it's almost shit.
So the challenge is to challenge the
to make a mortal until some
points to amano bludgeon
the off the route this does not frank delay
Two hours to get up to the hat.
so there are several sports there
there are several points for us to do this
jump crazy crazy
Let's try to make another movie here.
Portuguese opens a motorcycle
ari for example to the roof here in
up old
ae caracas 06 the 'woman I almost gave him
I think Brazil can make a
course of years away ne
so people are very cool to play
to jump on the bike for incredible
that seems right
Look, look there and face a towel.
angle to pass through it at the
television let's see if I can
make out again only in the future but
also of beauty look here old and if
help and see if I can crowd is a
distance was here and we are going to
fever will now face via tv da
china although boy downloader looks only
older was not what I wanted
taller to my sky god
oh my god this is how it ends
One more video I hope you have
liked if you do not forget your jewelry your
bookmark is and subscribe to the channel for
much more content we also have the
facebook page batik facebook
games and the twitter that the gamer at
rascals follow me short because the page is
the best way to stay tuned
You know when you'll get there and saw everything more
That's it, I hope you liked it.
a firming patio hug and his
challenges until the next and it was worth